Information Security Specialist


Benefits
Pulled from the full job description

    Additional leave
    Casual dress
    Company pension
    Employee discount
    Health & wellbeing programme
    Sick pay
    Store discount

Job Description

Job Title Information Security Specialist

Department IT Services

Reporting to Head of Technology and Innovation

Responsible for Information Security

Grade Grade 4: £30,761 - £36,729 (Fixed Term – 8 months)

Hybrid working: 1 - 2 days/month in office.

Role Purpose

The Information Security Specialist’s role is to oversee the security of the college’s digital and physical assets across its range of environments, services and vendors.

A key part of this will be in designing, implementing and maintaining Information Security policies, standards, procedures and controls to meet the present and future needs of the college.

A further purpose of this role is to support the management of the college in mitigating the key gaps that have been identified and their associated risks.

Main Duties and Responsibilities

    To review the gaps identified in the OU’s Information Security review of the college and develop agreed actions in collaboration with managers and heads of operational teams to remediate these gaps.

This includes but is not limited to:

    Development of information Security policies, standards, processes and procedures.
    Development of third-party supplier risk assessment policies, standards, processes, procedures and best practice guidelines.
    Development of information risk management processes and tools.
    Development of asset management processes and tools.
    Prioritise and plan the remediation activities to meet the timescales as identified by senior managers.
    To provide reports, both oral and written, on the above activities and work progress.
    To ensure that all work follows appropriate standards and conforms to agreed quality plans.
    Contribute to Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery planning processes.
    Other duties as required by the Head of Technology and Innovation.

Please refer to the full Job Description/Person Specification detailed on OCA's 'Job Vacancies' page on: https://www.oca.ac.uk/vacancies/

Job Types: Full-time, Fixed term contract

Salary: £30,761.00-£36,729.00 per year

Benefits:

    Additional leave
    Casual dress
    Company pension
    Health & wellbeing programme
    Sick pay
    Store discount
    Transport links
    Work from home

Schedule:

    Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

    Barnsley, S70 2AG: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Barnsley, S70 2AG