Cyber Security Consultant


Benefits
Pulled from the full job description

    Company pension
    Life insurance
    Referral programme
    Work from home

4way Consulting specialises in the delivery of technology services for connected roads, smart cities and future mobility. We are passionate about understanding our clients’ needs and challenges, working collaboratively with them to create sustainable solutions and long-lasting partnerships. Our range of services includes project management, thought leadership, consultancy, design, testing, commissioning and supervision, applied across the full lifecycle of technology projects. We have an excellent reputation for being able to quickly identify and resolve the key issues, drawing on our deep subject matter
understanding to get the job done.

Consistently ranked in the top ten of ITS consultancies in the annual CIHT Consultants Directory, we are expanding our capabilities and project portfolio. We are therefore seeking enthusiastic and highly motivated people with cyber skills to grow our team.

Role
Cyber Security Consultant within a multi-disciplinary transport technology team. You will be responsible for technical leadership of cyber security workstreams and projects for a wide range of clients spanning both the public and private sector.

Experience & Skills
Your previous experience should ideally involve one or more of the following areas:

    Information and cyber security frameworks (ISO 27001, ISO 27031, PAS 555, NIST, etc)
    Security of Information technology
    Security of Operational technology
    Secure data and communication networks
    Cyber Security as part of Business transformation

Practical application of the above in a highways or transportation environment is beneficial, but not
essential. Other skills and experience requirements include:

    Computer science degree qualified or equivalent, ideally NCSC certified, with at least seven years’ relevant experience.
    Chartership with a relevant industry body is desirable.
    A positive industry profile developed through a demonstrable industry-leading contribution to the information security sector.
    Ability to understand and summarise complex problems to colleagues and clients, then use a structured approach to identify potential solutions.
    Excellent written and oral communication skills. Comfortable with making presentations to a wide range of audiences.

Benefits
As the only SME in the ITS sector, 4way career opportunities stand out from the crowd. This is an
opportunity to apply digital skills and make a real difference in the safe and sustainable movement of
people and goods on our clients’ transport networks. We challenge our people to push technical
boundaries every day to improve value for our clients and exceed their expectations. We continually invest
in professional development, encourage the entrepreneurial spirit of our people and offer a competitive
salary and benefits package.

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: £45,000.00-£60,000.00 per year

Benefits:

    Company pension
    Life insurance
    Referral programme
    Work from home

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Leamington Spa, CV31 3RG