Information Security Analyst Intern (EDI)




Who We Are

Addepar is a global technology and data company that helps investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients. Hundreds of thousands of users have trusted Addepar to empower smarter investment decisions and better advice over the last decade. With client presence in more than 40 countries, Addepar's platform aggregates portfolio, market and client data for over $4.5 trillion in assets. Addepar's open platform integrates with more than 100 software, data and services partners to deliver a complete solution for a wide range of firms and use cases. Addepar embraces a global flexible workforce model with offices in Silicon Valley, New York City, Salt Lake City, Chicago, London, Dublin, Edinburgh, Scotland and Pune, India.

    Marketplace and brokerage services provided by Acervus Securities, Inc., an SEC registered broker‑dealer and member FINRA / SIPC.

Being a part of the AddeU Internship Program, you will be working on meaningful project(s) that you can feel proud of and present back to the company at the end of the experience. In addition to having a supporting manager and mentor, we have a fantastic onboarding program to get you acclimated and ready for your time with us. Fun events and super cool swag are also included!

At the moment, our 12-week internship experience is remote. Dates are currently set for May - August 2024 but please consult with your recruiter. Seeking Scotland students only.
The Role

We are currently seeking an Information Security Analyst Intern to join our Information Security & Risk team. The Tech Risk Intern will have the opportunity to help take Addepar's Security and Risk Program to the next level, through insights based on our current state. In this role, this person will work as part of the Security Operations function to investigate security alerts, develop new monitoring strategies, and work with the wider business as part of our Vulnerability Management program. The candidate will also work to document and analyse existing critical operational processes, owners and controls, and help find opportunities to optimise those controls, increase security and reduce risk. The successful candidate will bring a strong process approach, with a preference for simple, achievable and repeatable solutions.
What You'll Do

    Triage and respond to security alerts generated by our monitoring toolset.
    Research and develop monitoring strategies and build new analytics.
    Update or create new documentation for security tools, processes, playbooks, and procedures.
    Assist other areas of the business in effectively prioritise and remediating vulnerabilities.
    Work closely with partners across Addepar teams, such as R&D, to evaluate critical processes, including the identification of key control points and owners.
    In partnership with Security and Risk Leadership, identify, document and track opportunities for process and control improvement.

Who You Are

    Must be currently enrolled in a post-secondary educational institution (university must be located in Scotland) & must be returning to school after internship
    Available to intern for the full 12 weeks
    Curious about information security with a desire to be a part of a fast-paced and supportive team who can help you learn on the job.
    Enjoys problem solving and finding simple solutions that bring multiple business benefits
    Strong communication skills and people skills - enjoys working with new people in different teams across the business but can also work independently
    Strong organisational skills and attention to detail

Our Values

    Act Like an Owner - Think and operate with intention, purpose and care. Own outcomes.
    Build Together - Collaborate to unlock the best solutions. Deliver lasting value.
    Champion Our Clients - Exceed client expectations. Our clients' success is our success.
    Drive Innovation - Be bold and unconstrained in problem solving. Transform the industry.
    Embrace Learning - Engage our community to broaden our perspective. Bring a growth mindset.
