Information Security & Cyber Risk Manager

Benefits
Pulled from the full job description

    Company pension

We have an incredible opportunity to join us here at Phoenix Group as an Information Security & Cyber Risk Manager, in our 2nd Line of Defence Information Security & Cyber Risk function within Group Risk.
Job Type: Permanent
Location: The role could be based in either our Wythall or Telford office.
You can expect to work in a hybrid manner with time spent working in the office and at home. We believe that work/life balance offers benefits for customers as well as ensuring that you can balance a successful career with your life outside of work. In this role we would expect as a minimum that you would be able to meet, engage and collaborate with your team members and our stakeholders at either our Wythall or Telford offices on a regular basis, approximately 4 days a month.



Flexible working: All of our roles are open to part-time, job-share and other types of flexibility. We will discuss what is important to you and balancing this with business requirements during the recruitment process.

Closing Date: Friday 9th February 2024

Salary and benefits: £52,000-£65,000 DOE, plus 16% bonus (up to 32%), private medical cover, 38 days annual leave, excellent pension, 12x salary life assurance, career breaks, income protection, 3x volunteering days and much more.

Job Contact: Karen Watson

We have an incredible opportunity to join us here at Phoenix Group as an Information Security & Cyber Risk Manager, in our 2nd Line of Defence Information Security & Cyber Risk function within Group Risk.

Who are we?

We want to be the best place that any of our 6,800 colleagues have ever worked.
We're the UK's largest long-term savings and retirement business. We offer our 12 million customers products across our market-leading brands, including Standard Life, SunLife and ReAssure, with c.£259 billion of assets under administration. We're a FTSE 100 organisation that is tackling key issues such as transitioning our portfolio to net zero by 2050, and we're not done yet.

The role:

If you are looking for the opportunity to join an established, professional team providing vital Cyber Security oversight, assurance, challenge and guidance to ensure Customer, Colleague and Commercial data and IT Systems remain secure (both within the Group and through its supply chain), then this could be the next exciting development step in your career. This role will provide a fantastic opportunity to get first-hand experience of working in a 2nd Line of Defence role in the Information Security & Cyber Risk (IS&CR) function in Group Risk.
Come and join our collaborative team and make a real difference. You will be part of a team of Information Security & Cyber Risk Managers providing oversight and challenge of Phoenix Group Information Security (IS), Information Management (IM), IT and Supply Chain Cyber risk. You will also support the wider team by helping to deliver our 2nd Line Information Security and Cyber Risk Assurance Programme.
Your experience will allow you to quickly get up to speed with our processes and ways of working and you can expect to be supporting Assurance Assessments of IS, IM and IT controls, as well as carrying out risk assessments, programme/project oversight and providing subject matter expertise opinion, advice and guidance. You will draft Assessment Reports, Terms of Reference and Risk Reviews for approval by the Management Team, attend various meetings and produce monthly detailed Management Information and Reporting, including appropriate opinion and commentary that is then fed into management meetings and committees. You will be valued, supported and have the opportunity to develop your career in this fantastic organisation.

What are we looking for?

Whilst we take pride in continually developing our Colleagues, for this role you must bring a good level of Information Security/Cyber/IT knowledge and experience. You will be trusted and empowered as part of the team providing the 2nd Line of Defence oversight, assurance, challenge and guidance in support of one or more of the following Group Policies/Areas: Information Security, Information Management, Information Technology, Supply Chain Cyber Security and the related controls and risk. Accordingly, you will already have relevant technical experience, including awareness of regulatory environments and associated legislation. It goes without saying that in this 2nd Line oversight role you will require and have proven experience of Information Security Controls, Security Tools and Capabilities. Experience of applying Industry Standards and best practice including the ISO/IEC 27000 series, NIST Cybersecurity Framework etc will be amongst the other skills we will be expecting.

It is essential that you hold one or more Information/Cyber Security Certification/Qualification e.g. Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) etc that is/are in date.
Ideally you should also hold one or more of the following, but it's not essential; Certified Risk Information Systems Control (CRISC), Institute of Risk Management Qualification, ISO27001 Lead Auditor, Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) etcWe want to hire the whole version of you.
We are committed to ensuring that everyone feels accepted and welcome applicants from all backgrounds. If your experience looks different from what we've advertised and you believe that you can bring value to the role, we'd love to hear from you.